In this video I'll demonstrate how to assign license keys to a fair sex environment using the Vee's
for web client.
So here you can see I've already logged into the vees faire web quiet and I'm going to go ahead and
click on hosts and questers and one of the first things you'll notice when we get into the hosts and
Klosters view is that my host is currently disconnected.
I haven't ESX I host but but it's disconnected at the moment.
And if we click on the summary for this host we can see the reason this host is disconnected from the
center is the fact that the host license is expired.
So when your host licenses expire and if using an evaluation license for example you will no longer
be able to use the center to manage those ESX hosts.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to actually go to my administration screen and under administration
I can go ahead and apply some license keys.
So under administration I will click on license's and you can see here from IVI center Sharra.
I've got a license that is currently expired.
You can see from my hosts I've got a license that is currently expired.
And so what I'm going to actually do is I'll start with the center.
I'm going to Right-Click my V Center server and I'm going to sign a license.
And here's my current license key that is expired.
I'm going to go ahead and hit the plus button and add a new license key
OK so I'm going to paste in my license key and you'll see this blurred out because I don't want to share
my license with everybody and I'm going to simply call it the center six is the name of my license key
and I'll finish.
And now all apply this license key this new license key to my visa under sever so I'll choose the new
V Center license key.
Go ahead and head ok there.
And now I can see that these are six is successfully license that the license expires in about a month
or so and then I'm going to go to my hosts and I'm going to perform a similar process and I'll go to
my host or click on to sign license.
I'm going to click on the plus button to assign a new license key
and I'll go ahead and paste my license key in.
Next call it the sphere and our price plus that's my enterprise plus licensing key and I'll just call
it licens 1 next and finish.
And now I've got an appropriate license key that I can actually assign to this ESX I host that is not
expired.
I can also go to my licenses find the licenses that have currently expired Selecta those and had X to
get rid of them just to keep my license inventory nice and clean.
And now if I go back to hosts and Klosters my host is still disconnected and I can right click it and
under connection go to connect and it should allow me to reconnect this host.
And there we go.
Now my ESX host has been reconnected.
I can see my virtual machines.
And now I can start to to this host because he has a valid license key.